Building Apple.com’s Homepage
    1. Build “Apple.com’s Homepage”
        ● Steps:
        
            ○ Start by building ONLY the HTML structure of Apple’s homepage.
            There is a video to guide you how to build the website
            step-by-step:
            https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cWqmE5sc_cU

            ○ Start adding names to your HTML (Classes and IDs)

            ○ Start styling your HTML using CSS
            NOTE:
                ■ Always test every single line of code you write. Open it on
                your browser and check if it is working right. Do not proceed
                to the next step if your code is not showing the expected
                result. Fix the problem before heading to the next step.

                ■ Please seek help from your group whenever you have
                issues. If your question is beyond your group’s capacity,
                bring your question to your teachers when you meet in
                groups.

        ● Hint on how to organize your folders and files

            ○ Create a folder called "Week-4" in “Phase-1” folder.

            ○ Inside your "Week-4" folder, create a folder called “AppleProject”.

            ○ Create two folders called “Resources” and “Project”, inside your
            “AppleProject” folder.

            ○ Download the following zipped file, and extract it inside the
            “Resources” folder. The zipped file contains a replica of
            Apple.com’s homepage.

            ○ Inside the “Project” folder, create an html file called “index.html”.
            This is where you write your html code.

            ○ Inside your “Project” folder, create a folder called “CSS”. Inside of
            your “CSS” folder, create a file called “style.css”.

            ○ Inside of your “Project” folder, create a folder called “images”.

            ○ Go to your “Resource” folder and copy all the images from the
            “images” folder, and paste it in the “images” folder inside the
            “Project” folder.

            ○ Now start building Apple.com’s homepage.
